c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\Application.Common.pdb
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\System.ComponentModel.Composition.xml
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\de\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\es\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\fr\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\it\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\ja\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\ko\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\ru\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\Bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\obj\Debug\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\obj\Debug\Application.Common.pdb
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\Application.Common.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\Application.Common.pdb
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\System.ComponentModel.Composition.xml
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\de\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\es\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\fr\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\it\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\ja\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\ko\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\ru\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\isaias.izquierdo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Common\bin\temp\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
