c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\LSCodeGeneratorsTask.mcs
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\audioMeter.Client.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\audioMeter.Client.pdb
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Design.Client.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\Application.Common.pdb
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\obj\Debug\audioMeter.Client.dll
c:\users\isaias.izquierdo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\audioMeter\audioMeter\Client\obj\Debug\audioMeter.Client.pdb
